Unfortunately, I was unable to fully complete the task, and I only managed to retrieve 100 smartphone links sorted by high rating. First of all, Selenium was blocked on the Ozon website due to Cloudflare, so I decided to use the undetected-chromedriver library to solve my blocking issue. However, when trying to pass the obtained links to scrapy.Request, the Ozon website blocks the requests and I receive a status=403 error. I tried to bypass the block in several ways: 1. scrapy-rotating-proxies. The task description stated that this library could help with task completion. I tried using both a list of free proxy servers and even paid proxy servers to work with it, but the requests were still blocked in the end. 2. I attempted to add random user agents using the scrapy-fake-useragent library, as the issue could have been with the website detecting that we were parsing due to the basic user-agent in Scrapy. However, the result remained the same as I still got a status=403 error. 3. I tried optimizing the request headers, but I still received status=403. 4. After none of the above methods helped solve the problem, I tried to retrieve the necessary HTML code on smartphone pages using Selenium and then pass it to Scrapy without using Request. However, I encountered a number of other errors. As far as I understand, passing any HTML code without using Request was not successful. After trying all possible methods to solve the problem, I still did not achieve the desired result and left the code in its original form. I really do not understand what the issue is, and perhaps I made some mistakes. If the response regarding my application for this internship is negative, I would like to receive information on how to correctly implement this task.
